seeddms-client(1) -- list, upload, download from SeedDMS
========================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`seeddms-client` [<options>] <command>

## DESCRIPTION

This program connects to a SeedDMS server and can list,
download and upload documents. It uses the RestAPI provided by SeedDMS.

The program can be fully configured with command line options but
usually it is much more convenient to write the basic configuration
into a file named `.seeddms-client.yaml` in your home directory. This
also prevents sensitive data like a password or api key to enter your
shell's history. Such a file may have different sections. Each
sections contains the configuration for a specific profile. Such a
profile usually addresses a single SeedDMS installation.
There must be at least one section named `default`.  Further sections
may be named arbitrary. Use the flag `--profile` to select the
configuration of a specific section. Below is an example of the
`default` section.

## COMMANDS

  * `help`:
    Help about any command

  * `ls` [<folder-id>]:
    List documents and folders of a given parent folder

  * `get`:
    Download a document

  * `upload`:
    Upload file and create new document

  * `autoupload`:
    Monitors local directory and uploads new files

  * `completion`:
    Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell

## OPTIONS

  * `-k`, `--apikey string`:
    Set api key

  * `-c`, `--config string`:
    Set path to config file, defaults to `~/.seeddms-client.yaml`

  * `-h`, `--help`:
    Help for seeddms-client

  * `-p string`, `--password string`:
    Set password if not using an api key

  * `--profile string`:
    Select section in configuration, defaults to `default`

  * `-q`, `--quiet`:
    Be quiet

  * `--url string`:
    URL to REST Api

  * `-u string`, `--user string`:
    User name if not using an api key (default "admin")

  * `-v`, `--version`:
    Show version of seeddms-client

## EXAMPLE

Below is a portion of the configuration file which defines the
default profile.

    default:
      Url: https://domain/restapi/index.php
      ApiKey: <your secret api key>
      Upload:
        Folder: 8345
      Ls:
        Folder: 1

It sets the url and credentials of your SeedDMS installation and
also different folders for the `upload` and `ls` commands.

With the above configuration the command

  `seeddms-client ls`

will list the subfolders and documents of the folder with id 1.
If a file is uploaded it will be stored into folder with id 8345.
